9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shang Jian here
in Hong Kong. You're watching the China
Show. I'm Yvonne Man.
>> And I'm Avril Hong in Singapore. We're
counting down to the open of markets in
the greater China region. Our top
stories, Asian stocks and the dollar
under pressure as President Trump
extends a ceasefire with Iran while
maintaining a blockade of the Strait of
Hormuz.
Plans for a fresh round of truce talks
falling apart.
>> Trump's Fed chair pick, Kevin Warsh,
pledges to act independently, rejecting
concerns that he would be the
president's stop puppet.
Also ahead, Taiwan abruptly cancels
President Lai Ching-te's first overseas
trip in more than a year, blaming
interference from Beijing.
And CATL in focus as it unveils new
fast-charging battery technology to stay
ahead of competitors.
>> Yeah, just like that CATL battery,
right? Full charge
in 6 minutes. I think that's really kind
of in some ways reflects what we're
seeing in terms of sentiment across risk
assets here today. And when we talk
about how, you know, yes, we've erased
losses for since this war began on EM
equities, but today we're starting
things off on this Wednesday morning a
little bit on the cautious side of
things. Perhaps there's still a lot of
lingering questions about where Iran
talks stand after they did falter. J.B.
Vance putting his trip to Islamabad on
hold. And yes, now the ceasefire
extended indefinitely.
>> Yeah, and then you also have some of
these headlines coming through from
Kevin Warsh's testimony in which he
pledged to act independently if
confirmed. Though we didn't get very
much details on the trajectory on
near-term interest rates. What was also
interesting was how he highlighted,
unlike some of his colleagues past and
present, he doesn't quite believe in
forward guidance. I wonder what that is
going to do for bond markets in terms of
stability. Let's take a look at market
action because we are, of course, seeing
investors reacting to these headlines
from the US president, from extension of
the ceasefire, although no timeline
attached to it. So, it looks like
something that's indefinite and more
volatility. We are seeing Brent pulling
back a bit from the 99 handle. In terms
of treasuries,
we did get them pulling away from
session highs following on from Trump's
announcement of the extension of the
ceasefire. Bloomberg Dollar Index also a
reversal from yesterday's surge. Take a
look at how we are faring in Asia
stocks. Yes, a bit of caution, but don't
forget that we did reach record highs on
the Kospi and the Taiex just a day ago.
You're also seeing S&P 500 futures
pointing to quite a solid start to the
US session. In terms of Chinese assets,
as we know, it's been well supported
amid the war. Take a look at how the UN
is reversing from yesterday's slide,
which was a bit of a breather following
on from the surge in the dollar. We are
also seeing the further climb in the
Chinese bonds, especially on the long
end, I think, amid ample liquidity. In
terms of stocks, pointing to some
downside today, we'll of course be
watching out for stocks of CATL as well
in the session, Yvonne.
>> Yeah, that battery might be lifting the
rest of the battery sector here. We talk
about a charge from 10% to 98% in just a
6 minutes, right? Basically, the same
amount of time it takes to fuel a car
with jet fuel, right? So, certainly
that's certainly one thing to watch.
Gas, I should say. But, take a look at
what it comes to the top story here
today, right? There's still some green
when it comes to the macro side of
things when it comes to China. You talk
about how CGBS are doing, the renminbi
is at a 3-year high. But then again,
there's this. President Trump says he's
extending a ceasefire with Iran a day
before it was set to expire, but he's
maintained the US blockade of the Strait
of Hormuz as plans for a fresh round of
talks with Tehran fall apart. For more
on this, let's bring in our team. Jill
Disis is a managing editor for our news
desk, and from Singapore, Mark
Cranfield, our M live strategist. Jill,
I'll start with you.
Where are we now?
>> I mean, Yvette, it's so difficult to
really get a steer on where exactly
these talks are going to you know go
from here, right? I think that the
really notable thing about how things
really fell apart over the last 24 hours
is also just a lot of the rhetoric
that's coming out of Donald Trump
himself. I mean, no surprises here, but
you know it can often feel like you're
being pushed and pulled in a bunch of
different directions, very erratic. I
mean, this is a man that told us by
telephone just you know a day or so ago
you know this that essentially you know
he wasn't expecting to extend it
ceasefire necessarily. He said on CNBC
yesterday just you know
several hours before the ceasefire
deadline was extended that he expected
to be bombing. I mean, you've got that
level of rhetoric coming out of out of
him. But then obviously you know as the
as the day went on JD Vance never made
his way to Air Force Two, never made his
way to Islamabad.
You saw those talks sort of fall apart
when Tehran you know wasn't you know
really
planning to participate in those talks.
It seems like these sides are really
really far apart from each other.
There's a lot of really critical details
here that don't really seem sort of like
manageable or achievable. I mean,
particularly you know a lot of the US's
demands over the nuclear program in
Iran, right? That's like a such a huge
part of this. And if you know from here
maybe they're able to sort of
reassemble, have talks. We've certainly
heard from you know the leader of
Pakistan that that's something that he
would like to see, but we're just not
really sure where this ultimately goes
right now.
>> So what are the factors that we need to
see in order for talks to resume? What
do we know about that so far?
>> So I think at this point again it's sort
of this this idea of you know
we don't really know, honestly. I mean,
uh you've got um you know, this
extension of the ceasefire that's kind
of indefinite. You do have again these
threats from uh Donald Trump to maintain
that blockade. Um so, at least in his
mind, that's that idea of maintaining
pressure on Iran to ultimately come to
the negotiating table. Maybe that's
something that ultimately works. I mean,
remember, it was just about 24 hours ago
that it did actually seem quite likely
that there was going to be some sort of
a resumption of talks in Islam- in
Islamabad. So, that was something that
did seem it like it was maybe on the
table at some point. I think the
question though is ultimately whether
you can convince these two sides to come
to the table, but you know, I don't
think that um you know, anyone's
necessarily interested in this kind of,
you know, continuously prolonged
conflict. But again, um it really does
come down to whether or not there's any
sorts of points of negotiation they can
find here. And I think when um you know,
you look at Tehran, um there's some of
these issues that demands that the US is
bringing that uh they consider just
non-negotiable.
>> Jill, thank you so much. Jill Disis for
us there. Mark, let's bring you in here.
I mean, when we look at how markets
they seem to be able to look past all
this. And the ceasefire volatility
sounds a lot like the tariff news
volatility we've been dealing with in
the past year as well.
>> It's a question for traders of being
able to put a more consistent pricing on
things. So, one of the reassuring in a
way uh aspects for traders over the past
couple of weeks is that oil prices have
settled into a bit of a a range here.
So, particularly for equity traders, so
when you are trying to decide on your
portfolio how to position it as an
equity investor, there are several
inputs. Bond yields and oil energy
prices in general are two of the most
important things that go into your
decision-making. If you can be
reasonably confident that bond yields
going to be fairly stable and the energy
prices, whether they're high or low, as
long as you can predict the path for
them. Stay okay, they're going to stay
$90 plus or minus $10. That's a
predictable range for an equity trader.
If he can put that aside and say, "Okay,
I don't see bond yields and energy
prices being too much of a volatile
problem for me, I can go back and focus
on what really matters in the equity
space." And for example, we've got
plenty of good narratives, whether it's
AI, whether it's chips, whether it's the
memory sector. All of those are coming
back into focus, and equity traders can
focus on that and and project that
forward earnings are going to be good
enough to cover whatever disruptions
there may be on the other side of the
equation.
>> Yeah, Mark, there's a lot of talk about
whether EM is is in the super cycle
right now, given the AI trade, right?
You take a look at the valuations of
some of these, you know, Korean
chipmakers, for example, that the
Hynix's, the Samsungs, they're still
quite a fraction of what you're seeing
when it comes to the Nvidias of the
world as well. Do you think that
valuation is warranted and and can
actually catch up?
>> As a as an old old trader, the minute
you hear the word super cycle, sell.
That's it. That's it. By the time people
realize By the time people realize
you're in a super cycle, it's way too
late.
This one may go on for a little bit
longer, but certainly, if generally
people are starting to believe there's
such a thing as a We've
Over the past 30, 40 years, so many
times when people actually say we're
about to enter a super cycle or we're in
a super cycle, by then from a trader's
point of view, it's too late. It's
coming towards the end of the story. So,
yes, there may still be a little bit
more to go, but it essentially is
telling you there's a lot priced into
the market already.
Certainly, we've got an earning season
going on in the United States. There'll
be another one in Asia coming up pretty
soon. We'll get through that, probably
okay. But we've heard other There's been
other chatter in the market over the
past few days suggesting that some of
the valuations are getting a bit
ridiculous, even in the Asian space as
well. So, we're probably nearer to the
end of the cycle than the beginning. So,
don't believe too much about a super
cycle.
>> We're also watching valuations of
SpaceX, right? That upcoming IPO, we're
seeing some of these leaks on its
financials. How much of a catalyst is
that going to be for tech stocks?
>> Um it is to an extent, but this is a
very specific story, really. This is an
IPO race. So, basically, SpaceX is in a
race with Anthropic and Open AI.
Whoever gets there first gets the
trillion-dollar valuation. That is, of
course, what Elon Musk has been going
after. He wants SpaceX to be the first
trillion-dollar company from an IPO
point of view in the United States,
and he wants to secure the ground there.
Because if he can get the funding for
that, it won't go to Anthropic, and it
won't go to Open AI. It's a battle
between the three of them. First come is
the winner. And he clearly has the the
user advantage at the moment, and he's
trying to seal that. There's a lot of
numbers being floated around as there
typically is when a a new company comes
to market, you get a lot of
unsubstantiated numbers which float out
there, and they look very impressive.
Whether they're they're really there or
not remains to be seen, but this is it's
for it's for Musk to consolidate his
position. Traders can see that. The
trouble with such a massive IPO is that
it sucks a lot of money out of the
market. It won't go so So, in a way, for
the overall market, it's a slight
negative. It looks great that valuations
are up in the sky. Trillion dollars
might be coming, but once you take that
money out the market, it can't go
somewhere else. So, somebody will lose
on the flip side of that. So, for the
tech sector overall, it might not be a
great thing. It'd be very good for
SpaceX. It might not be great for the
tech sector overall.
>> The other thing we're watching is also
Warsh's testimony. What stood out to
you, and what is that going to mean for
bond markets in particular?
>> Well, apparently, he doesn't believe in
forward guidance. So, he obviously
hasn't been watching over the past 30
years because Alan Greenspan started
forward guidance because he didn't have
any, and he got called in front of the
Congress for raising interest rates
before warning anybody, and they didn't
like it very much. That's why we had
forward guidance for the past 30 years
or so. Now, if Mr. Warsh wants to
backtrack on that, he might find a
couple of things go against him. One,
there'll be a lot more bond volatility.
Bond markets like to know roughly where
they're going in terms of interest rate
settings. That's why we've had relative
stability or get mostly we get stability
in the curve of the Treasury curve.
Also, Scott Bessent, wants yields below
4% at the long end of the curve. That's
not going to happen if we don't have
forward guidance. So, it might not be as
easy as he thinks.
>> Okay.
Uh speaking of yields, uh Mark, I'm
taking a look at the CGB market and
we're talking about these yields are
what? I think six-month lows right now.
You're seeing a lot of inflows into the
bond market. The renminbi is at a
three-year high right now. Seems to be a
a big macro story that's kind of
developing in China and this sort of
safe haven status that China has has
achieved in some ways. What's your take
on what's going on there?
>> Yeah, the the central bank here, the
PBOC, has done a very good job on
stabilizing the currency. They've made
the yuan very attractive during a time
of of turbulence as well. It performed
fantastically well during the during
March when the US dollar was very
strong, other currencies were falling
apart. The yuan not only held its
ground, it actually appreciated slightly
against the US dollar. So, it's really
doing a very good job of attracting
inflows. Once you attract big inflows
into a currency, typically it goes to
the bond market. Some goes to equities,
but a lot of money is just parked in the
in the bond market. If
China has ambitions to have a reserve
currency, which they appear to have,
it will need fixed income investment on
a big scale. So, more money comes into
the currency, goes into a particularly
into the short end of the bond market.
Some will move into the medium term, but
that is exactly what China wants to see.
They want to see a core amount of money
stabilizing their bond market,
attracting other central banks and
reserve managers. So, so far it's
working pretty well.
>> Mhm.
Yeah, it it certainly is. We'll see what
the PBOC does here today on that fix um
right now, but it was uh strengthened
the first time in in four sessions or so
on Tuesday. Mark, thank you. Our EM
strategist, Mark Cranfield, joining us
out of Singapore. And just a few moments
we're going to more on how the Iran war
is changing, of course, strategies in
investing and the like. We're going to
take from CGS International Group CEO
Carol Fong. She joins us discuss the
Middle East uncertainties and how she's
advising clients as well as their
involvement in a fund seeking
opportunities in China and Southeast
Asia. And we're kind of down the open of
trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong
Kong. We are seeing futures. Oh, pretty
gloomy outside. Yeah, futures a little
bit gloomy here this morning as well.
This is the China Show.
Yuan B fix just crossing the Bloomberg
terminal here this morning. It is on the
weaker side of things here at 68635.
But as we've been talking about, right?
We're we're still around that 682 level
for dollar China. So still hovering
around those three-year highs. And
certainly still seeing some positivity
around the currency of late. April.
>> Yeah, and the other story of course
we've been tracking aside from the moves
and how they've been supported in
Chinese assets is how Kevin Warsh has
given his testimony before the Senate
Banking Committee.
>> Are you going to be the president's a
human sock puppet?
>> Uh Senator, absolutely not.
>> Are you going to be anybody's human sock
puppet?
>> Uh no, I'm honored the president
nominated me for the position and I'll
be an independent actor if confirmed as
chairman of the Federal Reserve.
The president never asked me to
predetermine, commit, fix, decide on any
interest rate decision
uh in any of our discussions,
uh nor would I ever agree to do so.
>> Our Fed and economy reporter Enda Curran
joins us from Washington now. So Enda,
what is
um your read on how Kevin Warsh did in
his testimony. To what extent has he
managed to maintain his credibility on
inflation?
>> Well, I guess he had to do two things.
On the one hand, he will get across the
idea that he would defend the Fed's
independence and steer policy based on
what the economy needs. He certainly
claimed he would do so. As you played
there in your clips, he pushed back
against the idea that President Trump
asked him to move rates. He said he will
do
he didn't give any near-term indication
of what he would do with policy, but he
made it clear that
the Fed should be not afraid to make
whatever decisions it wants to make
itself. That was the kind of the
politics part of it. And then on the
policy part of it, I mean, he covered a
lot of ground. You know, he kind of
mapped out this idea that the
technological revolution sweeping
through the economy could be one way
towards going towards lower interest
rates over time. He spoke about
shrinking the Fed's balance sheet, but
he's very careful in his language around
that. He said it would have to be very
careful and methodically done, lots of
consultation. He spoke about closer
cooperation with Treasury on on on some
policy areas. He said the Fed's
communications need to improve a lot. He
said it needs to be a new framework for
inflation as well, how they think about
it, which data points they look at.
So, there was you know, a lot of ground,
a lot of micro points brought up that
people hadn't heard from him in a while
or the first opportunity to hear from
him on these points in some time, but I,
you know, ultimately stepping away from
it, he didn't give any clear signals on
where he would go with policy if if he
was confirmed in the near term. And of
course, he professed that he would stand
up for Fed's independence, but we all
know there's significant political
pressure on the central bank at the same
time.
>> It it seems like if confirmed, he would
lead a very different Fed, right? You're
talking about shrinking the balance
sheet, you're talking about
you know, when it comes to you know, no
or less forward guidance. Or you know,
how does it change overall when it comes
to how bond traders should be looking at
this and really the reaction function
from the Fed moving forward?
>> Well, again, if you go face value
listening to Mr. Walsh, he sketched out
he'll change several things the Fed do
on the bond. Like on the one hand you
mentioned on the big balance sheet
stuff, he said they shouldn't be holding
long-term Treasury securities. He wants
to get that shrunk from 6.7 trillion
down. That's going to be a major job in
and of itself, but that's why he's been
very careful in his language around
that. And then he says he's talking
about a new inflation framework. We
don't quite yet know what he means by
that, but he was talking about maybe
trimmed means instead of core PCE, for
example, when it comes to keeping an eye
on what's happening with inflation. And
then you know, as you move along his
agenda down to the micro points, he
spoke about communications and he seemed
to be kind of hinting at Fed officials
are maybe speaking too much and he
doesn't sound especially convinced that
the Fed needs to give the press
conferences that it gives. Uh so clearly
scope for changes there. And as I say,
you know, it's kind of broad brush
strokes. We don't have specifics. He's
of course not yet confirmed yet because
of the whole DOJ investigation Fed, but
again, going to face value, the Fed
chair can only do so much on his own,
but he clearly wants to try and make
changes where he can.
>> Yeah, I know. I was just about to ask,
is this all a moot point given how it
could hinge his confirmation on whether
Tom Tillis gets his way amid his
showdown with Trump?
>> A very unusual confirmation hearing that
may not lead to a confirmation. Uh we
you know, it's it's odd because just
before Mr. Walsh's hearing kicked off,
we had kind of a doubling down by
President Trump that he's sticking with
this investigation into the Fed, into
allegations of overspend on the
renovation of a headquarters here. So
President Trump showing no sign of an
off-ramp.
Now, we know that Republican Senator Tom
Tillis, he's got this key swing vote.
He's promised he won't uh approve or
rather he will block any Fed nominee so
long as the DOJ investigation is going
on. He sees it as a political attack on
the Fed. He hasn't really changed his
position. There was one wrinkle today
that came out of some of the
conversations with the senators. Senator
Scott, Senator Tillis making note to
that as well in his remarks. The idea
that maybe if the DOJ investigation was
dropped
and Congress picked up their own
investigation into this, that that could
be some kind of an off-ramp for Senator
Tillis. But again, that is early stages
for this uh proposal. We don't quite yet
know what guarantees or what the
specifics of that idea would need to be.
But clearly it would require President
Trump stepping away from this DOJ
investigation and all the messages from
him consistently are that he's plowing
ahead with it and that he's certainly
gunning for the Fed on this particular
issue.
>> Yeah, his future uh war should seem
still uncertain. All right, uh thanks so
much for bringing that up for us Enda
Curran, our Fed Reserve and economy
reporter on this uh confirmation on that
might not be a confirmation, right? Uh
we'll see. Uh we take a look at what it
comes to how the pre-market is shaping
up here in Hong Kong. We are still
seeing some downside, about 7/10 of 1%
futures are now deeper in red here. So,
it looks like they could be joining in
on this caution cautious day for risk
assets here. You are continuing to see
inflows into the bond markets though at
173 for your Chinese 10-year yield. And
they are flat when it comes to the
currency, 682 52. Play more ahead, this
is Bloomberg.
All right, here's your agenda for China
today. Of course, we continue to see
whether this HSI rally can continue.
Looks like things are set to hit the
pause button here today. That yuan
strength also a little bit as well, but
we're pretty steady on the currency
around 682 levels here right now. CJB's
continue to rally here today. Zijin
Mining earnings, of course, we'll see
how the stock reaction is going to be.
And we're watching batteries and CATL.
Interestingly enough, the stock in the
Hong Kong is actually falling for today.
Maybe a bit of profit taking just given
the rise we've seen in the stock
already, but you know, this tech day did
stand out according to a lot of analysts
out there. Uh April, when it came to
just what products came out here.
Obviously, they talk about this battery
that can recharge in 6 minutes. And that
certainly is one thing that we're
watching very closely as we count down
to, of course, the auto show in Beijing.
>> Yeah. And I think what's been unveiled
on the CATL front looks like it's
outshining some of the features that BYD
brought to us last month. So, that's
going to be interesting to watch in the
EV or the EV battery space as well. Of
course, that is the sector that we will
be tracking as trading opens. But this
is what you're seeing already in the
pre-market. Perhaps also part of what
we're seeing broadly in the region, that
bit of risk creeping in given how the
ceasefire yes is being extended a lot of
uncertainty on that front when it comes
to the Iran war, Yvonne.
>> Yep, CATL, there you go. We're seeing it
down 2% in the A-share market here
today. So,
you know, they did offer some new
technology and products, but when it
came to solid-state battery efforts, the
likes of JP Morgan say that was a bit of
disappointment there. No update on that
front. Perhaps that's why you are seeing
a bit of disappointment. Also, Sinopec,
they also cut the their a portion of
their a stake there after this rally in
CATL. So, we'll watch very closely how
this all shapes up at the open. Coming
up next. This is Bloomberg.
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show and we're counting down to the open
of market. Of course, a couple of things
we're tracking in terms of drivers here,
including these geopolitical
uncertainties amid the ceasefire
extension as announced by the US
president, but the timeline is
indefinite. So, these uncertainties
continue, but not only that, take a look
as well on how these developments tech
related, right? Out of China, maybe that
is also something that will figure into
the equation for the session. You have
of CATL in the spotlight, surgical
robots to some extent as well, Ed On.
>> Yeah, there's a flare of tech still
there, which was a big theme yesterday
on the China show. Today, I would think
maybe we're being overshadowed by some
of the the the headline risk once again
when it comes to Iran, as you mentioned,
April, here because, you know, we we it
didn't expect that these talks would
falter before the ceasefire expires. So,
the fact that they're extending it is is
a good thing, the ceasefire, but then
indefinitely, right, as you say. And at
this point, the Strait of Hormuz remains
still blocked. So, in that sense here,
it seems like yes, we're not seeing an
escalation in military operations, but
still we're still figuring out what's
next when it comes to, of course,
negotiations moving forward. So, in that
self, you're seeing a bit of maybe you
can say consolidation, profit taking in
some of the tech plays here in the
region here today. So, most of North
Asia is taking a cautious step back. So
is onshore markets here in China today.
We're down about a third of 1% for the
CSI 300. What continues to be hot is
this bond market. Take a look at what
comes to the long end of the yield curve
in the CGB market, and we're still still
seeing the 10-year yield down some two
basis points at 173. I think it was
Dongtai Securities that thinks liquidity
is still quite abundant here right now.
We could be seeing those yields heading
to a 160 something handle
in the in the near term. So, you know,
maybe those inflows could continue in
the bond market in some ways. Shanghai
crude is still a bit elevated given the
volatility that we've been seeing when
it comes to oil prices in Iran as well.
And we're focusing very closely on
really some of the seven sisters and how
that's really charging this the China X
of late. Even Shenzhen is actually
falling back here today. So, that's
really led by the likes of Zhongjiu in a
to some of the seven one of the seven
sisters here as well. They just came up
with some news according to some reports
in the IFR. They are looking for a dual
listing a $5 million IPO in Hong Kong as
soon as June. So, we'll see if we uh
hear more about that. Uh when it comes
to Hong Kong, this is what we're seeing
here in the city today. It seems like it
is tech that's dragging things lower
here. So, we're down about 1.7%. We've
broken below that 5,000 psychological
level for the HS tech. Uh and what's
really driving that uh you're seeing
here is Alibaba, Baidu both lower by
about 2%. Same goes for Meituan as well.
So, we're coming off of the initial
highs when it comes to overall China
tech here this morning. Offshore RMB,
this is interesting, right? We're pretty
flat, but we're still talking about
3-year highs for the currency for the
offshore and onshore rate uh hovering
around that 682 level. Uh we talk about
inflows into bond markets and really
that also helps when it when you have a
stronger currency. Uh but this is also
coming in the backdrop when you haven't
seen Asia effects really rebound the
same way against the EM complex perhaps
because of that energy exposure that a
lot of these EM Asia effects uh you
know, currencies do have uh in in
Southeast Asia in particular and the
like, but China stands out here still as
that anchor of stability. Uh let's take
a look at what comes to CATL just given
what we saw on tech day. So, they
announced this new battery that can
charge from 10% to 98% in just 6
minutes, right? Putting it on par really
to you know, putting gas in a car in
some ways. Um certainly that sounds very
exciting and it really outshines what we
heard from BYD back in March, but
certainly we are seeing some of these
battery makers come off here some of the
highs that we have seen. CATL has had a
really good run here in the last couple
days since really their earnings came
out just a few weeks ago. So mostly
lower across some of the battery makers
here today and we're focusing of course
some earnings. Zijin Mining, there was a
pretty big beat when it came to its
earnings coming through here. We are
seeing some gains for Zijin Mining.
ASMPT, there you go. The chipmaker up
some 5% on their results as well, Avril.
>> Yeah, Yvonne, you just highlighted as
well some of these companies, perhaps
the exposure to Southeast Asia or the
linkages there. Let's get more on how
the conflict in the Middle East is
impacting investment strategies. Our
next guest heads CGS International, the
overseas arm of China Galaxy Securities.
Its group CEO, Calvin Group, joins us
now here in Singapore. Calvin, great to
have you in the studio.
We are talking at a time of a lot of
uncertainties. I just wonder the Middle
East conflict, how has that perhaps
shaped the way in which you're advising
your clients?
>> Well, thank you very much for inviting
me again on the Bloomberg the China the
China show.
Um
I think that if you look at what's
happening in the market, it's a double
shock we're experiencing, right? I mean
early on we had the the tariff
situation, but that did not
did not actually
kill the risk appetite. It just
bifurcated it. And right now with the
situation happening in the Middle East,
that's obviously creating a lot more
angst in the capital markets. You've
seen a lot of gyrations in the capital
markets up and down based on what the
USA says and what happens in the Middle
East and so on. So I think for us, you
know, what we've seen and what we're
advising our client is that, you know,
the we've seen a pause in terms of how
investors are looking at at taking on
risk, not because there's there's lack
of capital or lack of interest, but more
because of the fact that, you know, they
they cut price risk creditably.
Um the other thing that we're also
seeing and we're advising clients is
that they're more discerning. That means
you have to be careful about what you
invest in, right? So, you stay invested.
You may want to, you know, top slice off
some of some of the of the uh
high-performing stocks, but you stay
invested, right? And I think that the
other thing that we're also uh looking
at, you know, from CGS International
angle is the fact that um we're also
seeing that in spite of what's happening
in terms of, you know, the global um uh
economic situation and and the tensions
and so on, is the fact that we are
seeing now more China-ASEAN cooperation.
>> Mhm.
>> That has actually been enhanced over the
last
couple of months.
I think case in point really is the fact
we just launched our, you know, our
Galaxy Orientis China-ASEAN investment
program.
A sovereign led fund. Um it is led by
CIC Ena and the sovereign fund of
Central Azerbaijan. We closed at 520
million US, and this is actually
focusing on the China-ASEAN corridor.
Okay, and the China-ASEAN corridor is it
Why why is it interesting because it's
bidirectional. Most private equity funds
when they launch it's it's a
one-directional. So, Chinese companies
going into China
Chinese companies going to Southeast
Asia, Southeast Asia's company wants to
connect into China. That's what the fund
is about. So, these are things that we
are doing and we and we are advising
clients that, you know, that that you
may want to kind of, you know, look
broader than just the pure um public
markets. Look at what basically is
happening in China-ASEAN.
>> All right, those flows in both
directions. 520 million that's what you
say. What's the target?
>> The target is 1 billion. It was just
actually I was just in Beijing last
week. We just launched last week. So,
it's quite fresh news, so to speak.
Yeah.
>> So, what are you guys doing to get to
that 1 billion?
>> Uh so, the second um we just launched
the first phase. Uh we closed the the
first um fund um last week. So, now
we're working on the second phase, and
we do hope to bring in more sovereign
funds into program. Cuz right now we
have one from Southeast Asia, one from
China, and one from Central Asia. Yeah.
>> And how strong are you seeing the IPO
pipeline? You're saying things are on
pause as far as risk is concerned.
>> What is that going to look like, say,
in the second half of the year? Perhaps,
you know, the optimism that things are
more stable at that point.
>> Yeah. I think that the pipeline is quite
strong. I mean, a case in point, you
know, I mean, last year CGS-CIMB ended
year with 60 deals in pipeline. And
first quarter of this year, I think
we've done pretty well. Interestingly
enough, Bloomberg actually, you know, we
just we just saw the league table from
Bloomberg. And the CGS-CIMB, I think we
were top five in the league table for
M&A ST. And so, the first quarter of
this year has been quite strong in terms
of mandates that we have received in
Southeast Asia. And I think that the
mandates that that they're we're looking
for for the rest of the year also looks
pretty strong.
Just and to add the There's a lot of
hype about, you know, the A share
listing to H share listing. But I think
what is really, I think, flying under
the radar is really the potential for A
to S listing.
I'm I You know, sometime in the late
last year, the Chinese government and
the Singapore government signed the J-
JCBC.
They signed an agreement to promote dual
listings of A to S. So, it's never
happened before. So, we're working on a
couple of mandates to bring the hype
from A to H to A to S.
So, that's That's really interesting
thing to watch out for.
>> Yeah, given maybe you could take some of
the competition from Hong Kong in some
ways, Carl. It's interesting, too.
Um you talked about sentiment a little
bit, but from this Middle East war. What
we have learned, it seems like Southeast
Asia is is in some ways very much
exposed to the energy dependency of the
Middle East and the like. And that, you
know, Southeast Asia in some ways is
more vulnerable than most parts of the
region.
Has that changed at all how your clients
are looking at at Southeast Asia now?
Has it has it dented risk appetite and
in what way you think?
>> Uh in fact, I would think it's slightly
the reverse if I may say. Uh I just like
to bring back some history in this.
There were two oil shocks that happened
1973-1974 and basically 1979 to 1980.
In the '73-'74 actually oil prices
actually quadrupled by four times from
four to $12. Right now, oil prices have
gone up, but it's not gone up to the
extent that it did actually in the 1970s
and 1980s. So, um and what we've also
seen is that the Southeast Asian
currencies have generally strengthened
except for Philippines as well as
as well as Indonesia which came down.
So, we've seen actually more inflows
coming in into capital markets in
Malaysia, Singapore of of course because
of the safe haven status, and even in
Thailand, you've also seen the Thai baht
strengthen and and money coming into
capital markets here.
>> So, what markets are you seeing the most
inflows right now in Southeast Asia?
>> Actually, Singapore. Um I mean both both
on the public side as well as in the
private wealth management side, we've
seen quite a bit of inflows coming in.
Um and that's the reason why the Sing
dollar has been quite strong. And
secondly, if you look at the at the
markets,
um you know, the it has actually been
very steady and overall, I think it has
done
um I would say it's one of the best
performing markets in Southeast Asia.
>> And this is coming at a time where
Singapore is trying to reinvigorate its
stock markets and it's done so with
these tranches of support from the
government as well.
>> What do you think it's going to take for
all of this to become more organic
though?
>> Sure. I think the EQDP program that's
been, you know,
promoted by the by the government has
been very successful. I think it had we
had the first leg up, but if we are to
be sustainable, I think that you have we
have to do more.
And I think what is in my view what is
currently lacking is really the supply
side.
>> Mhm.
>> Okay, because I mean what the what the
government has done with EQDP is to put
is to really bring up the demand side of
the equation. Fund managers giving them
money, they they deploy back in the
market. But until we get the activity we
get in Hong Kong, for example, they get
more IPOs, more placements being done,
deepen the capital markets in in in
Singapore, then then I think that you'll
probably have a more robust ecosystem.
I've always, you know, brought up the
point that I don't know I mean some of
you may remember when Singtel was was
floated, the government gave free shares
to every citizen in Singapore. And that
really, you know, moved the market. So,
questions that can you do a PSA? Can you
do a PUB, for example? And that can
really really kickstart the the the
whole supply chain of it.
>> The companies that you highlight are,
you know, a bit more traditional in
nature.
To what extent is the lack of AI
exposure for the Singapore market
perhaps a weak link for us?
>> Yeah. Okay, when you look at AI, I mean
AI has different aspects, right? There's
a software part of it and the hardware
part of it. I think for if you look at
it, Singapore is pretty strong on
advanced semiconductors, for example.
Which does drive some of the of the, you
know, the activities in AI. And
secondly, I think data centers, I mean
Singapore has been one of the I think uh
early, I would say, you know, um
proponents of setting up data centers.
Of course, that's now moving to
Malaysia, even to Indonesia. But I think
Singapore does have the space to play,
especially in what what we call, um you
know, some of the uh advanced um you
know, technology and so on, yeah.
>> Mhm. And with cross-border, you also we
didn't get to talk about the special
economic zone, but that could be another
tailwind for you.
>> right, yeah.
>> Carol, great to have you in the studio.
Thank you so much for sharing your plans
for the business with us. Carol Fong is
group CEO of CGS International. And
coming up, Taiwan's president cancels
his first foreign trip in over a year,
blaming Beijing as several countries
deny airspace access. The details next.
This is Bloomberg.
>> Well, Taiwan has abruptly canceled
President Lai Ching-te's first trip
abroad in more than a year, citing
pressure from Beijing. Let's bring in
our China correspondent Mimin Lo on what
happened. Why was his trip canceled?
>> Yeah, he was supposed to go to Eswatini,
and that is one of the remaining 12
countries that still have diplomatic
ties with Taiwan. But then at the last
minute, Taiwan says that three countries
have abruptly pulled back or revoked
their approval for Taiwan to fly over
their airspace. And according to Taiwan,
it was under pressure from Beijing and
even under economic coercion. Could be
things like maybe threatening to impose
sanctions on them or revoke huge
substantial amounts of debt relief or
halt financing, for example. None of
this though had been confirmed by the
three countries involved. Seychelles,
for example, is saying that it didn't
have any pressure from China, but it
doesn't recognize Taiwan as an
independent country. Madagascar also
saying that well, they have the right to
refuse Taiwan from using its airspace
without elaborating further. But I think
what is significant this time is it sort
of signals a level of boldness that
we're seeing from the DPP, which is Lai
Ching-te's party, right? Because
remember last year, when he was supposed
to go to Paraguay and stop over in New
York, the Trump administration had
prevented him from stopping over in
order not to derail talks with China.
But at the time, Taiwan's response was
they just acknowledged that yes, he was
supposed to go, but then in the end he's
going to stay home to focus on typhoon
recovery and to focus on talks tariff
talks with the US. So this is sort of a
very rare occasion where they directly
accuse China of interfering on this
front.
>> And Mimin, this is coming not long after
the KMT leader met with the Chinese
president. Where do things stand in
aggregate between Beijing and Taiwan.
>> Yeah, I think China has this very
clear and different approach for
different forces within Taiwan, right?
On the one hand, they have the carrots
for the
opposition party that is very willing to
cooperate and it's very pro-Beijing. So,
China on that trip when the opposition
leader visited China and met with
President Xi, China had came up with a
slew of goodwill measures, right?
Including resumption of flights, uh
resuming the import of certain goods
like selected films from Taiwan,
agricultural goods. But, then on the
other hand, when it's dealing with the
DPP, which is the ruling party right
now, they have a very different set of
measures. And just yesterday, Reuters
reported that the aircraft carrier
Liaoning was passing through the Strait
of Taiwan again in this threat of the
island. It is coming as the DPP, the
government just announced that for the
first time it is going to hold joint
drills to really prepare for any
possible blockade of the island by
China. So, tensions between both sides
are brewing. It comes as China also is
using its leverage over other countries
to try to put pressure on them to stick
to the one-China principle. It's also
pressuring the US, for example, to be
cautious about any arms sales to Taiwan.
So, it's a very multi-pronged approach
here. Well, at the same time, at the
people-to-people level, they're also
encouraging Taiwanese to come to China
to do business and have more youth
exchanges and to sort of kind of soften
the public opinion on that side as well.
So, overall, a well a very well-rounded
strategy from China on this front.
>> All right, Minmin, thank you. Our China
correspondent Minmin Loh there. Of
course, on the latest one Taiwan. We're
taking a look at comes to CATL and maybe
some of these battery makers here this
morning. The company has shown off this
new lithium iron phosphate battery and
it says can recharge an EV, get this, in
just 6 minutes, coming closer to the
time taken to fill the tank of a
gas-powered car. Let's bring in Danny
Lee, our Asia transport reporter,
joining us with the details on just how
CATL's really leading the technology in
some ways. How does this all stack up
against the competition?
>> Yeah, you look at BYD who last month
announced its own version of super fast
charging that could, you know, fully
charge basically in 9 minutes. CATL even
better than the time it takes for us to
talk, you think of how much
uh uh in a super fast charging EV
battery will will charge, maybe about 30
40%. So, this is another leap of
innovation and for CATL trying to make
sure it keeps its market share, focuses
on what it does best. And I think for
analysts, they see this as a pretty good
development. Uh but, you know, there's
still not a lot of talk about some of
the really, you know, long-range goals
of
I think that there's solid-state
battery, for example. This is really
expensive stuff and tricky to do. So,
analysts at least in the meantime are
quite happy that CATL are focused on the
here and now and
and cost-effective stuff that it can
consolidate its market share and really
continue to lead, whereas BYD has
struggled and lost market share,
particularly against CATL.
>> And Danny, how is that also affecting
perhaps what we're seeing down the line
in EVs and how competition among them is
shaping up?
>> Well, you see a quite a lot of the
uh the EV
EV makers really coalescing around CATL
because of its size, its heft, uh and
its and its tech. So, all of this will
help uh CATL continue to gain share and
for some of the many of its uh you know,
customers, the likes of of Geely and
others, you know, being able to use
these kind of products and really uh
continue to accelerate, particularly as
when you look at someone the the the
next competitor in BYD, you know, it has
continued to struggle in in the recent
months and year in the past year. So,
therefore, there is going to be a lag
and a gulf in the kind of technology
that is being offered uh and it puts the
CTL in pretty good stead uh when it
comes to this product pipeline uh and
development that is still yet to come.
>> Danny, thank you. Bloomberg's Asia
aviation and transport reporter Danny
Lee. And tomorrow, we'll hear from the
founder and chairman of lithium ion
battery producer Guoxuan. We'll ask Li
Jun about the new landscape for battery
makers amid domestic competition and
geopolitical uncertainty. This is
Bloomberg.
Some corporate news this morning, uh
Bloomberg's learned that a small group
of unauthorized users accessed
Anthropic's new Mythus AI model, which
the company itself warns could enable
dangerous cyber attacks. According to a
source and documentation viewed by
Bloomberg News, users in a private
online forum gained access on the same
day Anthropic announced a limited test
release of the model. Anthropic confirms
it's investigating the report.
SpaceX says it has an agreement to
either acquire AI coding startup Cursor
or pay for its work as it moves to catch
up with rivals in AI coding. In a post
on X, the company says it'll buy Cursor
for $60 billion this year or pay $10
billion for a deal. SpaceX is planning
an IPO this year after its merger with
xAI, which CEO Elon Musk has said is
behind on coding tools compared with its
peers.
Bloomberg's been told that MTR Corp has
raised 2.4 billion US dollars in its
first ever public Hong Kong dollar bond
sale. The source says the company priced
5, 10, and 13-year green notes to fund
or refinance eligible projects. The
public transport and property developer,
majority owned by the city government,
had previously only issued unlisted
notes that were not publicly syndicated.
Yvonne?
>> Yep, all right. We are checking when it
comes to movers here this morning and
yes, surgical robots. Yeah, we're we're
getting pretty granular here on the
robotic space here. But Goldman Sachs
has a pretty interesting report about
them and say, "Look, the market could
really re-accelerate from here on
forward here this year." So, these are
some of the sort of the top picks that
they were looking into here. Obviously,
given just the headline risk here today,
they're not having a good day. But yeah,
we are focusing on the robotic sector
very closely in China of late. When it
comes to where the tech trade is going
here, there has been some I guess
continued bifurcation among the hardware
versus software names. And what you're
still seeing in Asia in particular here
is that the hardware space is still
looking pretty hot. Take a look at some
of these optical names. They are
continuing to lead some of the flows
into the mainland here today. You're
seeing that in in parts of Japan as
well. So, some parts of that tech trade
are still alive and well despite what
you're seeing in in mega cap China tech
here today, all seeing pretty massive
losses of 2 to 3%. Alibaba, there you
go, seeing and really like leading that
charge. Uh and we're going to go and do
a bit of a deep dive into the AI space
moving forward here about, you know, you
know, AI deferring tech profits here.
Maybe it helps with profitability
according to Robert Lee, but not so much
when it comes to profits. That's the
take from BI. We're going to have much
more coming up in the second hour of the
China show. Keep it here.
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session and we are joining in on the
cautious day here on Wednesday. We're
lower by about 1% of session lows here
so far. Eight shares are also falling a
similar measure. Certainly there is
still a bit of I guess uncertainties
around there with the Iran situation. So
once again, we are kind of reacting to
some of the headline risk when it comes
to where things stand when it comes to
US and Iran talks which have been put on
hold. JD Vance really had to redirect
his trip to Islamabad. And we are still
hearing that the ceasefire has been
extended indefinitely here right now. So
at least
right now it seems like we haven't seen
any military escalation, but you know,
markets are still thinking look, there's
still a lot of question marks on what
comes next. You take a look at how the
rest of Asia is faring and you are still
seeing that dispersion across different
benchmarks across the region, right? So
Japan, Taiwan is actually still doing
quite well. We talked about here when it
comes to Taiwan over Korea. Most people
are rotating towards Taipei these days
because of that whole AI full stack that
you get over just you know, the memory
space in Korea. So there you go. Taiwan
continues to look like a pretty bright
market here today. We're up about 8/10
of 1%. The topics in Kospi are seeing a
little bit of red here. But here's how
Southeast Asia is faring. There's been
some news
across the region here whether it is
what happened with MSCI Indonesia
yesterday. We see a second day of losses
for the JCI. The Philippines also that
rating outlook has been cut by Fitch
here given that some of the growth
prospects they say are dimming. So that
credit rating to negative from stable.
Their concern is decline in public
investment and rising energy costs.
We're not seeing a whole lot of movement
in in the P comp here right now. We're
flat but watching the peso very closely
here today. But most of
uh Southeast Asia in the red as well,
adjoining in on this sell-off here
today. You take a look at it comes to
oil markets and here's how we stand. Um
you know, Brent WTI we're still around
that $98 level here. So we're still sub
100. We're still watching Treasury
markets here after that
confirmation hearing. Still you know, it
was the inflation hawk. It seems that
way just given what he was talking about
you know, inflation, new and frameworks,
talking about you know, no forward
guidance, talking a little bit more
about you know, maintain that that
central bank independence. Uh so we're
watching very closely what this means.
US dollar though is on offer here today
as well, April.
>> Yeah, given what Trump has said, right?
About extending the ceasefire with Iran
a day before it was set to expire.
Though he's maintaining this US blockade
of the straight as plans for these fresh
rounds of talks with Iran, they've just
fallen apart. For more, let's bring in
Bloomberg's Horizons Middle East and
Africa anchor, Joumanna Bercetche, live
from Dubai for us. Joumanna, so you're
still seeing the straight blockaded.
Talks have faltered. Yeah, we're seeing
an extension of the ceasefire. I mean,
it looks increasingly like a protracted
conflict. What's the state of play?
>> Yeah, or protracted ambiguity. And uh
you know, we spent most of yesterday
trying to figure out whether these
Islamabad talks were actually going to
take place. Certainly there were lots of
signs that they were going to happen.
The US had the appetite to send a
delegation. Preparations were fully
underway in the city, but it seems in
the very last hours of the day uh the
talks fell apart, which prompted
President Trump to put up that Truth
Social post suggesting that they have
now agreed to extend the ceasefire
indefinitely. Trump saying in that post
that they will do so until Iran submits
a new proposal and discussions are
concluded one way or the other. He says
that that came at the request of the
Pakistani mediators, but then also
blamed the collapse on what he cites a
seriously fractured leadership structure
in Iran. Something that we ourselves had
been reporting on in the fact that some
more pragmatic voices in Iran perhaps
wanted to continue with the negotiations
versus the more hardline approach taken
by the IRGC. Now, the semi-official uh
state news agency Tasnim has said that
Iran never officially requested an
extension of the ceasefire. Uh but the
bigger issue, and this is, you know,
vis-à-vis a comment that we got from the
Iranian foreign minister overnight, is
the ongoing closure of the strait, as
you just mentioned. And in that true
social post, President Trump referenced
that they're going to keep the strait
closed. The naval blockade is going to
stay in place. The Iranian foreign
minister overnight posting that
blockading Iranian ports is an act of
war. And this was one of the major
sticking points yesterday. The Iranian
side once again saying that so long as
the blockade stays in place, they would
be less incentivized to go to another
round of discussions. So, putting it all
together, we're not in a state of peace,
we're not in a state of war. We are in a
state of ceasefire, but the blockade
still exists, and it is this ambiguity,
I think, that's going to be hanging over
the region uh for the foreseeable
future, unless we get a breakthrough
somehow, either diplomatically or still,
there's still that question of a
potential return to hostilities. It's
not out of out of the question now.
>> Yeah, I mean, it was just I mean,
earlier statements from Trump saying
that, you know, the military was raring
to go, and that, you know, he expected
to be bombing Iran if things don't go
his way. So, in terms of those
breakthroughs, potential ones, I mean,
what what do we need to be looking out
for next?
>> Yeah, so I think you need to watch what
happens with the blockade specifically.
There were reports yesterday again and
this was, you know, lots of people
speculating that perhaps because Trump
was so keen to get these negotiations
across the line, maybe he would
temporarily lift the US blockade that is
in place to to to lure the Iranian side
to the table. Uh the alternative view is
that the longer they keep the blockade
in place, the more the Iranian economy
is going to hurt and then the more
incentivized the Iranian side would be
to capitulate. So, at this point it is a
standoff. We have to wait and see how
this all evolves over the next couple
weeks because ultimately this situation,
this status quo with the strait
effectively closed with no vessels going
through
is a very dangerous outcome for the rest
of the world economically speaking and
we've just been talking about, you know,
the fact that this morning uh oil prices
haven't really done that much because
there's still so much uncertainty about
what happens with that strait. There's
going to be a lot of pressure coming
through from the international community
to forcefully reopen it up. So, in order
to proceed to the next phase of
discussions, you have to somehow deal
with the matter of the strait and then
get onto the more thorny topics uh to do
the nuclear file, Iran's arsenal,
missile arsenal, their proxies around
the region and of course the sanctions
lifting that they've been pushing for.
So, the sequencing here is important but
the main focus I think short term is
going to be on what happens around the
Strait of Hormuz.
>> Jumana, thank you Jumana Berri there,
our Horizons Middle East and Africa
anchor joining us live from Dubai. Let's
bring in Vivianne Lind Thurston now,
portfolio manager at William Blair.
Vivianne, it's great to have you.
Um you know, today is one of those days
that we we can reflect a baby. We we're
hitting the pause button on this whole,
you know, Asia rally that we've seen.
Global stocks though we up until now
have really tried to have really
shrugged off a a of geopolitical
headlines when it comes to Iran.
The AI story certainly has been that
buffer and and you know, AI over you
know, what we've been seeing across
energy markets, energy shocks, but how
long do you think this can continue?
>> I think as long as the fundamentals of
all the companies remain very strong.
And I think you're definitely right that
tech or AI driven kind of earnings and
corporate fundamentals improvement
continue to be the biggest support I
think for a lot of global companies and
especially the tech supply chain
companies in Taiwan and Korea.
So, if you believe that the fundamentals
remain supportive, I think the market
will look through those near-term
uncertainty and the noises related to
the war. I would say the initial shock
from the war probably already is over.
So, now we're entering this kind of back
and forth uncertainty period between
ceasefire or
you know, open fire again, but I feel
market start to get a little bit
better feel about this given the strong
fundamentals remains. And as we're
heading into the first quarter earning
season and I think that will remain the
focus of the global market as a whole.
>> Um, I I I mean,
I'm going to bring back what we heard
from Goldman Sachs the CEO David Solomon
too about just it seems like we're just
one tweet away sometimes from the
president
and really sparking some sort of
downturn economically.
How do do you subscribe to that sort of
view? I mean, it seems like I know
you're saying the fundamentals are still
pretty solid among some of these
companies, but it seems like
it it all it takes is maybe one post to
really change sentiment.
>> Yeah, sentiment definitely will be
influenced more frequently, I would say
by some of the narratives or the
headlines. However, if you look at the
final impact on the economy, I think
that's more important. Also, I wouldn't
want to dismiss the idea that if the war
drag on longer, I do think the global
growth, inflation, and interest rate
cycle would be at risk. And those I
would say more macro risks would
probably have um a
bigger impact on the economy and also
the global equity markets as a whole
over the medium term. So, I do think we
need to watch the duration of this
holding pattern period of the war. Given
that, as I mentioned, that energy price
continue to rise, it will lead to higher
inflation and asymmetrically even impact
some of the emerging markets even more
adversely.
So, I do think there will be an impact.
However, from the bottom-up corporate
fundamentals perspective, a lot of those
tech-driven companies,
they're agnostic to agnostic to this
kind of development to some extent,
right? Even though I think inflation
eventually will impact the interest rate
environment, which will hurt more the
tech and growth stocks more. However,
given the demand of the tech remains so
strong and the supply is persisting, and
that will continue to support the
pricing dynamic of those companies. So,
even though let's say inflation will be
2-3% even higher, but those companies
ASP we're talking about double-digits.
Even you have double-digit ASP,
you still don't get enough supply. So,
that's why what I meant about the
corporate fundamentals from the tech
perspective actually probably matter
more
in the next couple quarters.
>> So, from the tech perspective, it's also
about this rotation that we've been
seeing in Asia. I mean,
except for today perhaps on to AI
trades, we've been seeing Korea, Taiwan
doing well. But I wonder, do you have a
preference for one market over the other
because of what's been highlighted about
the exposure in Taiwan to a broader
swathe of the AI stack.
>> I would say if you look at the the key
drivers both Korea and Taiwan both
economy and equity markets are primarily
driven by AI tech. But I do think Korea
has a little bit broader uh
drivers in outside of the tech. For
example, a few cyclically recovered
industries such as power equipment,
shipbuilding, and also defense
actually are also very important for
Korean markets. So those um
to some extent also probably are
interesting product kind of development
given that those are industry cycle
stories. And on top of that I think
Korea also have this a value up
initiatives.
I think that will further help
the corporate fundamentals improvement
and return profile improvement. So I
think both markets
have a pretty favorable backdrop maybe
for different reasons. And even though I
think the common factors are tech. I do
think Taiwan has
definitely more tech. 95% tech. Korea I
think more other industries in addition
to memory but also have some other
corporate fundamentals initiatives like
value up and those kind of developments.
>> How should I look at memory in Korea
now, Vivian? They they've rallied a lot
massively. Valuations are still pretty
cheap in a fraction of what you see
across some of the US big tech names.
But maybe they're they're they're low
valuations for a reason, right? Because
the cyclicality in the nature of of this
sector, right? That you know, some
people say you can only see valuations
catch up unless you see some sort of
structural story that's emerging with
the AI supply chain. Do you see that
sort of struct- structural change
happening or is this more just a
cyclical sort of play?
>> Yeah. I mean there has been a debate out
there whether or not memory is more
structural story versus a cyclical
story.
I do think even as a cyclical story, I
think this phase of the up cycle
is longer
and stronger than before.
Given that HBM is really in a big
shortage globally, and I believe that
the consensus expectation is the
shortage will last until at least the
end of 2027.
So even further into 2028.
So because of this backdrop, I think
memory actually remains pretty favorable
from the industry backdrop perspective.
And on top of that, I think two players
in Korea, they are very dominant players
in the space.
So that's why I feel nowadays emerging
countries become a bigger play a bigger
role in the global tech supply chain
because we call the global champions of
those mission-critical supply chain are
all in emerging countries. Having said
that, I do think memory tend to be more
cyclical than not, especially DRAM
and NAND, and those are not HBM or
high-bandwidth memory. So those tend to
be more cyclical, and therefore there's
a reason maybe those stocks are traded
at a slightly lower multiples and then
some of the leading talent tech
companies.
>> Vivian, what what's your take on China
now? It seems like, you know, we still
see flows going to the currency. It
remains strong against most Asia
effects. I I take a look at, you know,
the flows into the bond market, equity
markets still remain quite resilient.
Does Does China stand out to you in in
the face of all this volatility? And how
to position?
>> Yeah, I think China is a kind of its own
its own, if you will. First of all, they
have a a very difficult to see economy
and pattern for a long time, meaning
that domestic consumption, domestic kind
of manufacturing or fixed asset
investment property market remain pretty
weak. And so we're on this a deflation
a deflationary path for a long period of
time. But on the brighter side, you see
the exports continue to do very well,
especially the innovation led kind of
exports, whether it's tech or advanced
manufacturing or EV or ESS, all those.
Uh so I think because of this
um divergence uh from the underlying
economic perspective, I think in China
you're probably going to see more
selective companies doing better. And
then you you rely on those selective
industries and companies to drive the
overall equity markets. Uh therefore,
the rally may not be that strong or they
will take a breather and come again. Uh
but net net, we still feel constructive
about China from the bottom-up
perspective because we see the
broadening of those uh tech innovation
driven industries uh including even
biotech, uh health care. Uh so
definitely compared to last year or a
couple years ago, I think China
definitely have more interesting
investment ideas out there. And then I
think they are also getting stronger and
better uh as their positioning on a
global level continue to improve.
So that's how we think about China. But
on the aggregate basis, um
I think the China A share market and H
share or Hong Kong market also have a
little bit different dynamics. I think
that's primarily driven by liquidity and
flow. Uh China A share market is more um
kind of a
uh it determined by the local investors
and they tend to
like those maybe ideas a little bit
more, but the global investors tend to
look at Hong Kong market on a global
context. Uh so that's why
Yeah.
>> Wanted to ask as well
uh a bit more quickly if you can,
>> Yeah.
>> your view on India. I mean, we've been
talking about the reassessment in the
past couple of months and then that's
kind of been exacerbated by the war in
Iran because of India's exposure to
energy or the vulnerabilities there. Do
you see there as having been enough of a
D-rating for that market to look
attractive in some form?
>> Um
on a historical basis, yeah, Indian
multiples have come down quite
materially. However, the earnings also
decelerated quite treme- tremendously.
So, this year, I think India total
earnings growth is about 8 to 10%.
Uh yet, I think the market overall still
traded more than
28 25 times PE, and some companies are
still 30 40 times. So, from the relative
perspective versus the other emerging
markets,
I do think India look less attractive
adjusted by the earnings growth. Uh even
though over its own history, it has
gotten cheaper but for a reason. Uh
India is also the anti-AI trade to the
to a large extent, and domestic economy
also kind of in this normalized weak
period across consumption, financial
services, and some local um production
and manufacturing fronts. Therefore,
India, I think in the near term, uh
could be a little bit difficult to
attract more global investors' interest.
And on top of that, Iran war will have a
more impact on India, given that India
is a net oil importer, and 90% of the
street of of most kind of oil goes to
Asia, and India's a big part of that.
Therefore, you see Indian rupee really
depreciated a lot in recent times. So,
combining all those factors, I do think
in the near term, uh India could remain
a little bit uh difficult uh until we
see the earnings start to pick up again.
>> Have we derated enough? Yeah, key
question. Vivian, thank you. Vivian Lin
Thurston there, portfolio manager at
William Blair. Still ahead, plans to
turn a popular Chinese web series into a
movie produced entirely using AI. That's
what's causing some uproar on social
media these days. We'll look into what
it says about the future of
entertainment in China and beyond. This
is Bloomberg.
And now to a Bloomberg scoop, we've
learned that a small group of
unauthorized users has access
Anthropic's new Mythos AI model, which
the company itself warns is so powerful
it could enable dangerous cyber attacks.
So let's get more on the scoop with our
Asia tech editor Mark Anderson. And what
do we know about what happened? How did
this happen?
>> Um so Bloomberg is exclusively reporting
that Anthropic's third-party contractor
gained access through a sort of routine
human supply chain and shared that
access with a handful of users on
Discord channel.
Now it's important to note these users
say that they're not using their access
for any nefarious means. You know,
they're just sort of AI enthusiasts and
they want to explore the capabilities of
this new model.
And also Anthropic has said that like
none of their
systems have been affected by this.
But it does of course raise lots of
questions about Anthropic's ability to
contain access
to this very dangerous model at a time
when many people are trying to
have a look at it.
>> And so who do we know so far has has
gone that approved access?
>> Um so Anthropic says that
you know, Mythos is extremely dangerous.
It has the ability to carry out advanced
cyber attacks.
So they've
given a select group of tech companies
including
Amazon, Apple, and Cisco
early access.
They've also given some US government
agencies some early access and US
Treasury's Scott Bessent
earlier this month summoned some of Wall
Street's biggest banks
for a closed-door meeting that Bloomberg
exclusively reported
to sort of warn of the very dangerous
capabilities of this AI model.
>> Tell us about what the dangers of
Methuselah could be. I mean, they talked
about cyber attacks and the like. You
know, how how dangerous can it get?
>> So Anthropic says that Methuselah has
the ability to exploit vulnerabilities
in every major operating system and
every major computer browser. So it does
remain to be seen whether or not those
claims are actually true. But we have
seen recently in Mexico
another AI model used to
carry out a data breach that was very
worrying. Of course, there's a lot of
concerns
that this will be the tip of the iceberg
as AI gets more advanced.
>> Yeah, it certainly does lay out some of
the risks as well. Mark, thank you so
much. Mark Anderson, our Asia tech
editor on the latest when it comes to
Methuselah. We'll continue on and see
how things fare out here in the Asia
session. Of course, we talk about here
what it comes to the Hang Seng. We're
still seeing some underperformance here
compared to mainland markets here today.
Mainland looking a little bit more
steady. This is Bloomberg.
>> Some global news this morning. The
International Maritime Organization says
it's working on a plan to evacuate crew
from ships stuck in the Persian Gulf
since the Iran-US war began. But the
organization says it can implement a
plan only after clear signs of
de-escalation.
Speaking to Bloomberg in Singapore,
Secretary General Arsenio Dominguez said
the IMO needs to make sure there are no
threats of any ships being attacked.
Russia is set to increase oil flows
after restoring crude exports from its
main western ports following weeks of
disruption caused by Ukrainian drone
strikes. Operations have now resumed at
all three ports with most births back in
service. The recovery comes as global
energy markets look for alternative
supplies to replace shipments from the
Persian Gulf.
And Taiwan has abruptly canceled
President Lai Ching-te's first overseas
trip in more than a year citing pressure
from China. African nations including
Seychelles, Madagascar, and Mauritius
withdrew approval for Lai's aircraft to
transit their airspace on its way to
Eswatini
citing adherence to the one-China
policy. Lai later posted on X denouncing
what he calls Beijing's coercion and
reaffirming Taiwan's right to engage
with the world.
This is Bloomberg.
>> 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
head out lunch break in just a moment.
You are continuing to see that
dispersion not just across Asia but even
within Japan here today. So topics in
Nikkei are diverging. You're seeing the
Nikkei up about half of 1%. We've been
watching of course the bank space as
well there in particular here. But
certainly there's a lot of questions
about the AI trade here today. But
you're still seeing some tech players in
Japan do quite well. That probably is
why we are seeing the Nikkei slightly
higher here today, April.
>> Yeah, higher. And this is on a day where
we're seeing that outperformance from
some markets in Asia stocks to be
specific. Nikkei doing okay. And we're
also seeing Taiwan pull ahead today. I
think it's getting that double tailwind
of sorts from, you know, being Apple
suppliers along with the AI trade. So,
certainly that is one of the markets
that is outperforming today, although a
bit of the outperformance is being
capped. If we can take a look at what
we're seeing across the rest of Asia in
the
financial related stocks in Taiwan being
a bit of a drag, perhaps. But, this is
also what you're seeing. It is mostly
cautious across the region, and you're
seeing that in energy as well, a bit
softer, under pressure, those energy
related stocks, even though uh we are
seeing S&P 500 futures pointing to
upside. Now, on the energy front, it's
worth keeping in mind some of these tech
related developments that we've been
seeing in EV battery maker, CATL, of
course, is in the spotlight today for a
couple of things. Sinopec has been
cutting its stake, but also because of
some of the developments in how fast the
charging is coming in, and really
pipping what BYD had to offer us uh last
month, of course, in terms of uh how
fast this uh charging at 6 minutes is
going to look like for CATL. Yvonne?
>> Yeah, certainly it does maybe
serve as a pretty good preview on what
we could see at the Beijing Auto Show
that's coming up tomorrow, and our very
own Stephen Engle is going to be there
on the ground. I should say Friday. Um
let's talk about what's trending in
China, as well. Uh certainly this is
quite interesting. A look at what's
making headlines in national newspapers
and sparking some conversation on social
media. And get this, plans to make an
AI-generated movie out of a popular web
series called Soul Ferry. Not sure if
you've heard of it. Is a subject of hot
debate on Weibo. Let's bring in our
team, China correspondent Mimmy Lo, and
our Robert Lee, Bloomberg Intelligence
senior analyst here. Uh Mimmy, I'll
start with you. Tell us more about this
new film. Why is there so much buzz
about it?
>> Yeah, you just saw a snippet, a trailer
there. That
>> the real one.
>> That is a real one. It's not the AI
movie. It's still in the works, and it's
not out
>> This is a web series that is very well
known in China. It started in 2014.
There has been multiple series. There
has been movies made as well. So, people
have an emotional connection to some of
the old actors and actresses involved in
that series. So,
iTE, which is China's version of
Netflix, has said they're coming up with
a new movie, but it's entirely made of
AI. And guess what people say? They are
really disappointed. They are like,
"Don't destroy my childhood. We want
those actors back." And people are
saying that it's crazy. I'm going to
send my AI friend to watch it. I'm not
going to watch it myself. It'll be cool
if they can make up those AI audiences,
some of them say. Um, and you know,
they're asking, "Is it going to be
cheaper because it's made of AI?" People
are really quite disappointed, I think,
because of the emotional connection to
the to the actors, right? They really
want that authenticity.
>> they never really look like the AI
characters never really look like
>> To be honest, I have to tell you I was
quite surprised by the reaction because
if there is anywhere in the world that
AI films can take off, I think it is in
China because already, if you look at
particularly because China has this very
unique form called the micro dramas.
Like it's vertical films that you watch
on a
on a phone. It's only 1-minute long, and
people are not really obsessed with the
the quality. And there has been so many
AI films already out in the industry
that is quite successful. So, I was
quite surprised that they were not open
to this movie, but perhaps because this
is a cult classic that people are
familiar with. But perhaps if it's a a
new new film that that is not bringing
back the old actors, people might be
more more
>> I don't know how I feel about it. Evl,
what do you think?
>> I mean, I'm not sure how I feel about
AI-generated content and
>> Yes.
>> And you know, I think sometimes you
can't tell the difference.
>> Yeah, but it was also interesting cuz
when you talked about one of the popular
content forms that have been coming out
of iTE, I thought you were talking about
Pursuit of Jade, and very popular
Chinese drama of late. But Min Min
talked to us as well about this pivot
that iQiyi has been making into AI
films. You know, it doesn't really feel
the strategy is going to pay off.
>> I mean, it is obviously putting money
where it where its mouth is. It is
saying that it's committing capital
allocation because it wants to ensure
that most of its film is going to be
made by AI in 5 years time. And it's
even encouraging AI content creators by
promising that they will give them an
additional 20% cut of the advertising
and subscription fees. They're coming up
with an AI toolkit that can make pretty
much every aspect of filmmaking from
script writing to the final rendering.
And they're creating an IP library of
digital AI assets as well that content
creators can tap into. And this is
coming amid this context where iQiyi's
revenue has been under pressure because
of the rise of these other short video
tools like like right uh like uh
Kuaishou, like Douyin that has been
putting pressure on traditional
entertainment formats. So, they're sort
of pushing ahead with this new strategy
to maybe run ahead of the curve to come
up with new uh innovative formats. And
perhaps in that process also compress
the production timeline and the cost of
making films as well.
>> Yeah, I mean, we haven't even talked
about Pursuit of Jade. Everyone and
their mother, I feel, has been watching
that show. More episodes.
>> the analyzing the facial features of the
>> I really have to think about whether I
need to invest myself in that show. 40
episodes is a lot. Robert Lee,
um tell me about iQiyi though. Are they
going to be able to deliver on this
promise?
>> Okay, without bringing too much
skepticism to it, look at iQiyi's share
price. This is a stock that has
massively underperformed. The ticket is
IQ space US for for anybody who wants to
check it out. Uh and also they're a
Baidu subsidiary. Their profitability
has been under substantial pressure. So,
obviously from a management point of
view, they need to say something
positive. They need to restore
confidence to the market. So, guess
what? You know, AI I think will
definitely benefit their business. It's
a good productivity efficiency tool, but
will it be as transformative
as the management are making out at the
moment? Then probably not. And the prime
example, the best example to look to is
Open AI, which within a the last couple
of weeks has dropped its Sora tool. So,
Sora was a text to video generation
tool. The economics of that did not make
any sense whatsoever. So, anecdotally,
they were losing around $5 for every 30
seconds of video that was generated
because the computational cost tied up
with generating video, particularly high
definition video,
and you know, movies at 24 frames a
second, it it's
consumes a lot of compute. Somebody has
to pay for that. So, the economics
behind text to video or video generation
don't make any sense, which is why Open
AI have dropped it. So, I G E is now
claimed or is now projecting
that they're going to go all in on this.
Well, all I say is good luck to them.
>> Robert, I guess for
I T E, Open AI's example is a bit of a
cautionary tale. And I wonder as we talk
about AI and, you know, jobs going
obsolete, what is this going to mean for
Chinese actors that have been protesting
about the plan? Are they right to be
concerned?
>> Okay, well, I will clearly I don't work
in the movie industry, but here I am sat
on TV at the moment. There is a lot more
than TV and video than the video itself.
There's the script, there's the plot,
there's the nuance that an actor can
bring, the facial expressions. I don't
think there's any evidence that AI is
anywhere close to generating that. And
also, if we go back to basics, AI as we
know it is based on pattern recognition.
It's basically regurgitating or giving
you a mashup of human made content,
which is why on social media etc. you're
getting so many complaints from
consumers about so called AI slop. So I
think that's the danger we're getting
averaging down where you know basically
generic plot lines, you know, very bland
content lacking in the character that
you get from you know, live Bloomberg
TV.
I think all of you should rest easy. I
cannot see within my working career AI
replacing any of us.
>> Oh my goodness.
>> Famous last words.
>> Thank goodness.
>> Thank you and goodnight.
>> I've seen the AI version of me reporting
the news.
I made a package of that last time. But
I'm I'm just going to back to differ a
little bit because I know you mentioned
about open AI Sora, but you look at the
Chinese landscape is completely
different. The the cost sort of picture
there when it comes to the electricity
and energy usage. You look at
Kuaishou. It's actually one of the most
monetized and the leading app when it
comes to video to text generation. I've
looked at ByteDance's tool as well and
it's it's really impressive. I mean I
can
barely tell that it is made by AI. And
I've also spoken to people in the
entertainment industry and there are
these gaming studios,
production studios. They are all
switching to AI because they're talking
about using you know, AI to create
graphic rendering versus using a human
artist. You're talking about 90% sort of
cost efficiency. So if I'm a production
house, why not? And they're saying they
just you know, they're creating things
that they wouldn't have the capability
to do without AI. So it's really huge
sort of shakeup we're seeing in the
industry right now.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I'm with Robert on this one
on AI slop man. I think there's just too
much of that out there. And I hate
figuring out like is this AI? Is this
not? I'm every time I look at social
media now. But then again, as you say,
China certainly is a different market.
It was a great discussion, guys. Thank
you so much. Thanks to Min Loon China
correspondent and our Robert Lee
Bloomberg Intelligence senior analyst.
Yep. Yeah, so no one's replacing me
anytime soon, I hope. No AI bot.
I'm checking markets cuz certainly we
got to talk about what's going on. HS
Tech continues to sell off here today.
We're seeing 2% losses there. So I think
a session lows for that gauge. CSI 300
still looking pretty steady here, but
you are seeing continually the winner is
Taiwan. The Taiex is up more than 1%.
This is Bloomberg.
>> We also see that in spite of what's
happening in terms of you know the
global economic situation and the
tensions and so on, is the fact that we
are seeing now more China ASEAN
cooperation. That has actually been
enhanced over the last couple of months.
I think case in point really is the fact
we just launched our
Galaxy Oriented China ASEAN Investment
Program.
A sovereign led fund.
It is led by CIC in a and the sovereign
fund of Central Azerbaijan. We closed it
finally 20 million US. And this is
actually focusing on the China ASEAN
corridor.
>> Carol Fong there, group CEO of CGS
International, the overseas arm of China
Galaxy Securities, speaking to us
earlier. And she was saying despite all
the volatility that we're seeing across
these markets, when it comes to that
channel between China and Southeast
Asia, she's still seeing some strong
sentiment there when it comes to
inflows. Singapore certainly stood out
to her.
We're also looking at what it comes to
markets though. We are seeing when it
comes to Singapore, the Philippines are
seeing downside here today. The JCI has
in some way stabilized of late here, but
the peso certainly is one thing to watch
after we heard from Fitch downgrading
the credit rating of that economy here
due to of course the exposure of course
they have to energy markets and the like
and and really dimming the growth
prospects for that country now, April.
>> Yeah, we're also watching Indonesia,
right? Because the central bank is
expected to keep interest rates on hold
today to support the currency after the
rupiah hit record lows amid the war in
Iran. Let's bring in Bloomberg economist
for Southeast Asia, Tamara Henderson.
Tamara, we've been watching the central
bank decisions unfolding. They've mostly
chosen to keep things unchanged, maybe
save for Singapore. That was a bit of a
different story.
But, I mean, how long can they keep
things on hold for? And I guess for Bank
Indonesia today, do they necessarily
have a choice cuz it's about the
currency?
>> Well, I think in the short term the hold
is a natural
outcome. For one, we still have three
scenarios in play. We have the the the
status quo scenario, oil stay we stay
where we are,
it gets worse,
and we also have the scenario gets
better with the the parties are still
talking.
So, significant uncertainty.
Even when we let's say we were to be in
a scenario where the status quo just
continues.
Even then, near term I think
there's going to be
a bias or an inclination to remain on
hold as well because of uncertainty
having to do with transmission, how
fast, how much, how long
we'd see inflation and growth impacted.
We have to keep in mind in the near term
we're experiencing cushions, so we're
not really seeing yet the full impact of
the shock on the economies for various
reasons.
And of course our our our textbooks tell
us central banks can look through
shocks, supply shocks, if they don't if
they're not worried about uh
pass-through second round effects cuz if
the base effect is just going to take
inflation out in year two. Of course
that's theory and practice um it will be
different. You mentioned the currency.
Um, so
yes, currency will be a factor on um
determining whether the central bank can
remain on hold
um as well as um
inflation expectations when we start to
see inflation start to get really ugly
and we're going to see inflation
expectations moving. They'll be they're
concerned about their inflation anchor
and and of course they'll be probably
government countermeasures, right? To
um to support households which will also
actually
um complicate the spillover um
um transmission.
>> Yeah, and it also I guess is a bit of a
divergence in the Southeast Asian region
in terms of which governments can offer
that sort of support, right? As we've
seen following on from the pandemic,
some haven't necessarily built up their
fiscal buffers. But to your point about
the shock and there being a bit of a
cushion, the issue is also that these
economies are facing multiple shocks in
a way. I mean we we've been talking
about terrorists the past year and now
this energy shock. So net net, what
should we be expecting?
>> Well, there there's a lot for the
central banks to to deal with. I mean in
July um we're going to be seeing
probably the replacements for reciprocal
tariffs come come back online so we'll
be we'll having to be juggling that. Um,
there are domestic for Indonesia there
domestic factors as well and MSCI is
going to make a decision about um their
their equity index. Um,
so yes, so there's a lot there's a lot
um
that they're going to have to consider.
So I think for for Bank Indonesia the
currency is going to be the the thing
we're going to be watching very closely.
You know, obviously we've seen the
currency depreciate. So, it's not just
the direction the currency is moving,
it's the speed and the ability the
comfort with the the pace of the rupiah
depreciating in you know, if we're still
having risk aversion with as an added
factor as an added weight on the rupiah.
So, how much the rupiah is moving
relative to peers, I think it's going to
be important signal for for whether we
think the central bank might be pivoting
to hikes to students
>> supported.
>> You mentioned the MSCI considerations.
What are you perhaps seeing among
foreign investments into Indonesia?
Because we are seeing how in the first
quarter, I think there was still quite
solid in terms of inflows. But what do
you think foreign investors might need
to see in order to have a bit more
conviction?
>> Well, I think the critical factor on
that decision is whether Indonesia stays
within the emerging market benchmark it
and doesn't get downgraded to frontier.
That's going to if it gets downgraded to
frontier, that's going to close off a
lot of capital. So, you know, companies
have are constrained some in some ways
where where they can invest. So, that'll
that will close a door that would that
would close a door.
You know, there's the other option is is
status quo stays or maybe the waiting
gets gets gets reduced. I think
the thing that they the government wants
to avoid for sure is is getting a
downgrade.
>> Okay, Tamara. Thank you for running us
through what's at stake for these
Southeast Asian economies. Good to chat.
Thank you. Lumba economist of Southeast
Asia, Tamara Henderson in Singapore.
Yvonne, you're keeping an eye on some of
these corporate developments as well.
>> Yeah, that's right. We're watching
SpaceX says that it has an agreement to
either acquire AI coding startup Cursor
or pay for its work as it moves to catch
up with rivals in AI coding. In a post
on X, the company says it will buy
Cursor for $60 this year or pay 10
billion dollars for a deal. SpaceX is
planning an IPO this year after its
merger with XAI, which CEO Elon Musk has
said is behind on coding tools compared
with its peers. Shallow Wanka has
secured enough creditor support for its
bond maturity extension plan, easing the
risk of an imminent default. A filing
shows that bond holders approved a
proposal to repay 40% of a 2 billion
yuan bond up front and delay the rest by
1 year. Wanka is one of China's last
major property developers to so far
avoid default.
Adobe has announced a 25 billion dollars
share buyback over the next 4 years as
it grapples with a drop in market value
on AI-led disruption. The company's CFO
says it's a direct expression of
confidence in cash flows and long-term
value for investors. Adobe stock has
fallen almost 30% this year as investors
worry about AI's potential to disrupt
software companies' business models. And
much more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> Mistral AI says the French startup has
evolved from an open-source provider
into a full-stack AI platform focused on
helping large enterprises customize
models. Their chief revenue officer told
us more about how they're positioning as
complementary to major industry players.
>> We've very much found our niche in the
context of larger enterprises needing
customization of models and portability
of of models everywhere. It means that
we coexist with the players you've
mentioned, and we've really found our
stride in helping organization really
achieve end-to-end business
transformation. Use cases where
off-the-shelf AI is not sufficient. When
you're going to need really to deploy
those models everywhere and customize
them to your own IP, to your own data,
really Mistral is finding great
leadership in that segment of the
market.
>> How much revenue comes from outside of
France and outside of Europe?
>> Yeah, we we seeing
a tremendous, I would say, acceleration
globally. So, we have quite a bit of a
customer in Asia today, Ministry of
Defense Singapore, the Ministry of Home
Affairs in in Singapore as well, and
more momentum in Asia. In the United
States, we having also quite a bit of
momentum with customers like Cisco,
Dell, all the way to Snowflake. So, the
momentum that Mistral is experiencing is
very global in nature. And that's
because the need of customization
and the need of portability is not only
a geopolitical topic. It's a topic
that's concerning all enterprises that
that are really trying to achieve return
on investment. And for that,
customization is is a key topic for them
wherever they are.
>> Is Mistral AI fully committed to the US?
>> We are very committed to the US, very
committed to all markets, and most
importantly, very committed to the
larger enterprise that's really in need
to accelerate their transformation.
>> That was Mistral AI's Chief Revenue
Officer speaking to Bloomberg's Francine
Lacqua. Our checking markets here and
particular movers that we're tracking
for you today is defense side of things
here. And this is what the regional
stocks are doing here. So, mostly higher
this this morning with the likes of LIG
Defense and Aerospace. That's up about
10% in Korea. So, the Pentagon is also
seeking the $75 billion for drones in
this record budget ask. So, that's
certainly one thing that's driving the
defense sector here today. Uh property
stocks are quite interesting as well. Uh
JP Morgan just came up with a note uh
talking about the beaten down property
sector and they say likely at a turning
point that will help the nation's stock
outperform their emerging market peers.
We're not quite seeing that year-to-date
just given the downdraft that we're
seeing across markets, but certainly uh
that is one sort of a debate that we're
seeing here whether we have seen a
bottoming uh in this property market. BE
says, you know, that's up for debate and
no right now because this rebound
largely has been driven by top-tier
cities here right now. But, Vanke
certainly winning the creditor support
to delay that bond payment has certainly
has been uh some good news on that front
here today. Uh that's it for us here on
the China Show. We've got Insight coming
up next. Stay with us.